Projects
Dist ba Dist | 2022 - UnderWorking
Dist ba Dist This large project which has many parts chat Section, Live Section, Post Section, Rection Sections,
Profile Sections, Connections Section, Donate Section.
work with authorize.net payment and with Webrtc and kurento for setup live also make build customer video
player and voice player, also worked on notifications foreground and background on both android and ios . in
this project have good design which wheel and complex shape for draw. That is none profit project which
helps Afghan people help each other, donate or news channel from last news and many other options.
Stacks: Flutter, Kotlin, Swift, WebRTCVideo
Resturant Applications (Dulces Antojitos Food Delievery) | 2021 | Deploy
Have three applications that help to sell online foods and manage orders, admin check all customers, orders,
foods, feedback, and income. admin applications parts: customer management, Order management, Content
management, report Management, Foods management, Restaurant Management applications are responsible
for picking up these orders from the restaurant and delivering them to the customer's location. Drivers must
be able to navigate through busy city streets while keeping an eye on the road, all while ensuring that they
arrive at each destination in one piece.
Stacks: RESTful APIs, Android, Flutter, WebRTCVideo, Android/Kotlin
Driver App and Passenger App | 2020 | Uncomplete
these apps I got how to customize the FCM, and set up Google Map with custom markers, circles, and live
tracking on Google Map.
Stacks: Android, kotlin
ShiftNext | 2022 | Deliver
It was a large project used by angular features signin and signup with Cognito aws three type of view
TimeLine View and Grid View and Staff View Used Socket.io for real time data and restful Apis for
sending/receiving data implement SSO login and signup backend used Nodejs/express Uploading File on S3 and
used google map for pick location use javascript angular, angularjs, angular2+ for fronted
Stacks: AngularJS Express.js Socket.io Node.js AWS Angular REST APIs Testing REST/RESTful APIs JavaScript
Angular 2+
Next Level Skin | 2022 | Underworking
Shopify Project WooCommerce project, Make customer theme enable storefront api for mobile application
which has Product List, Review Product, Branding and Advertising, and also have daliy changes on skin
Stacks: Shopify Frontend store Api, Flutter
Herat Exchanger | 2020 | publish
Herat Money Changers Union made for Real Rate Changes In Herat City. It Can be Momently and Daily base
also had some other feature (blog, Info, Rate Changers Tools)
also have a website where u can see the news of this union also for this application create a WordPress API
with a custom field plugin. published on play store and AppStore
Stacks: WordPress, Flutter, PHP
Badam Real Estate | 2019 | Deliver
this application which be my first product which build for own company and its lets you buy, sell and rent
properties in Afghanistan; allowing you to find houses, flats, apartments, and plots in Kabul, Herat, Mazar,
and other major cities. search for verified listings by location, type of property, area, and price range,
also had a website and API which my team setup and I worked also side of backend developer as build rest API
for applications. published on google appstore
Stacks: Flutter Android/Kotlin Socket.io
Open Source Projects & Contribution
AutoComplete Library | 2022 | Publish
Its was an open source project for helping developer make async autocomplete and make sample way to
implement complex auto complete with scrolling, listing, fatching data in flutter application in all kind of
device.
Stacks: Flutter, Dart
Dictionary For Desktop Library | 2022 | Publish
Its was an open source project for Windows user, becuase of lack of application in afghanistan community in
desktop application i decited to build that. Its have support 3 language (dari, pashto, english), favorite, and
change theme, and log of history of search.
Stacks: Flutter, Dart
Build Clean Architure for Android with Jetpack Compose | 2021 | Upload
Its was an open source project for New developer which get quickly setup their env and understand how the
MVVM pattern setup with jetpack compose.
Stacks: Android, Kotlin, Jetpack Compose
Kurento One to Many Call Example for Nodejs | 2021 | Upload
Its was an open source project for New developer which get quickly setup their env and understand how the
Kurento One to many works and how save the live stream in media server of webrtc
Stacks: Nodejs